Add "Microsoft Search in Bing" in "Address bar" section of Privacy (#3224)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md

   If you turn off that toggle, your typed characters are no longer sent to your default search provider, but your search queries are still sent to your default search provider, to provide search results.<!--per ui: "If you turn this off, you'll only see suggestions from your favorites and history. Typed characters won't be sent to the search engine used in the address bar." -->

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Search in Bing

If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (Microsoft Entra ID account), your typed-in characters are sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, in addition to being sent to your default search engine.  As you type, Microsoft Search in Bing returns work- or school-related results and cross-device suggested queries to you.

Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related results or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy.  If your administrator turns off the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` policy:

> * You don't see work- or school- related results from Microsoft Search in Bing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You won't see work- or school- related results from Microsoft Search in Bing.
```

> * You don't see query suggestions from other devices on which you installed Microsoft Edge.  (Regardless of the policy setting, you see query suggestions from your default search engine that you previously searched on the present device.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You won't see query suggestions from other devices on which you installed Microsoft Edge.  (Regardless of the policy setting, you will see query suggestions from your default search engine that you previously searched on the present device.)
```

Author: made that change

> To further protect your privacy, you can keep the suggested-queries function, without sending information about the suggested queries to Microsoft.  This data is never associated with you or your device, even if you turn on this setting.  To prevent sending information about the suggested queries to Microsoft, select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, and then in the **Search and service improvement** section, turn off the toggle **Help improve Microsoft products by sending the results from searches on the web**.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to first sentence about protecting your privacy, as this information is already very low privacy risk and isn't associated with you or your device. Keeping this sentence makes it seem like its cause for privacy concern.

Reordered and reworded for clarity. Changed never to not to reduce privacy risks. 

```suggestion
To prevent sending information about suggested queries to Microsoft, select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, and then in the **Search and service improvement** section, turn off the toggle **Help improve Microsoft products by sending the results from searches on the web**. Even if you turn on this setting, information about suggested queries is not associated with you or your device. 
```

Also, this section should be moved elsewhere, outside of the Microsoft Search in Bing section. This seems to apply to all cases where suggested queries are returned, not just to Microsoft Search in Bing for enterprises

Author: result; also added heading & reworded "even if":
```
<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Preventing sending information about suggested queries

To prevent sending information about suggested 
queries to Microsoft, select **Settings and more** 
(![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-
and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Privacy, 
search, and services**, and then in the **Search and 
service improvement** section, turn off the toggle **Help 
improve Microsoft products by sending the results from 
searches on the web**.  Even if this setting is on, information 
about suggested queries is not associated with you or your 
device.
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Address bar and suggestions

The Address bar allows you to enter website URLs and search the web.  By default, the Address bar provides search and site suggestions using the characters you type.  Suggestions come from your favorites, browsing history, previous searches, and default search provider.

![Address bar](./index-images/address-bar.png)

To speed up browsing and searching, characters that you type into the Address bar are immediately sent to your default search provider.  The search provider returns suggested search queries.

The following information is sent to your default search provider:

> * Address bar entries, categorized as a URL, search, or unknown.

Author: ```suggestion
* A list of Address bar entries, categorized as a URL, search, or unknown.
```
wasn't clear to me w/o saying vertical list; i pictured horiz list

Author: added "A list of"

1. Select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, and then scroll down to the **Services** section.

1. Click the **Address bar and search** section.  The **Address bar and search** settings page<!-- edge://settings/search --> opens.

1. Click the **Search suggestions and filters** section.  The **Search suggestions and filters** settings page<!-- edge://settings/searchFilters --> opens.

1. Use the toggle **Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters**:

   ![The toggle in Edge Settings for "Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters"](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)

   If you turn off that toggle, your typed characters are no longer sent to your default search provider, but your search queries are still sent to your default search provider, to provide search results.<!--per ui: "If you turn this off, you'll only see suggestions from your favorites and history. Typed characters won't be sent to the search engine used in the address bar." -->

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Enterprise Search provider

Author: ```suggestion
#### Microsoft Enterprise Search provider
```

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` policy.  If your administrator turns off that policy, the query suggestions and the results that are returned from your default search engine are shown in your present device's browser, but not in the browsers on your other devices.

Author: which do you prefer?
1. Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled policy.
2. Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled Microsoft Search in Bing policy.
3. Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy.

@dexterqu2024

Author: use: Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to the Microsoft Enterprise Search provider, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your tenant admin can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search on Bing (MSB) policy.  If your tenant admin turns off that policy, the query suggestions and the results that are returned from your default search engine are shown in your present device's browser, but not in the browsers on your other devices.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Enterprise Search provider, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your tenant admin can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search on Bing (MSB) policy.  If your tenant admin turns off that policy, the query suggestions and the results that are returned from your default search engine are shown in your present device's browser, but not in the browsers on your other devices.
```

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Enterprise Search Provider, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your tenant admin can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search on Bing (MSB) policy.  If your tenant admin turns off that policy, the query suggestions and the results that are returned from your default search engine are shown in your present device's browser, but not in the browsers on your other devices.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Enterprise Search Provider, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your admin can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search on Bing (MSB) policy.  If your admin turns off that policy, the query suggestions and the results that are returned from your default search engine are shown in your present device's browser, but not in the browsers on your other devices.
```

Author: changed "your tenant admin" to "your administrator" 2x

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search on Bing (MSB) policy.  If your administrator turns off that policy, the query suggestions and the results that are returned from your default search engine are shown in your present device's browser, but not in the browsers on your other devices.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy.  If your administrator turns off that policy, the query suggestions and the results that are returned from your default search engine are shown in your present device's browser, but not in the browsers on your other devices.
```

Author: changed from:
Microsoft Search on Bing (MSB) policy
to:
policy

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to the Microsoft Enterprise Search provider, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your tenant admin can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` MSB<!-- todo: "expand MSB" --> policy.  If your tenant admin choses to turn off that policy, you won't see the query suggestions from another device, and won't see all the work-related results from another device, but the query suggestions will still be returned from<!-- todo: from/to/in/by? --> your local browser,<!-- todo: change to "your current device's browser", or strike "local" -->, and results will be returned from your default search engine.

Author: expand "MSB" as what?  
check:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/deployedge/configure-microsoft-edge

Author: ans: expand as Microsoft Search on Bing

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to the Microsoft Enterprise Search provider, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your tenant admin can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` MSB<!-- todo: "expand MSB" --> policy.  If your tenant admin choses to turn off that policy, you won't see the query suggestions from another device, and won't see all the work-related results from another device, but the query suggestions will still be returned from<!-- todo: from/to/in/by? --> your local browser,<!-- todo: change to "your current device's browser", or strike "local" -->, and results will be returned from your default search engine.

Author: clarify "local browser"

Author: If your tenant admin turns off that policy, the query suggestions and the results that are returned from your default search engine will still be shown in your present device's browser, but they won't be shown on your other devices.

> You can further protect your privacy by doing any of the following:

Author: check lead-in against the orig draft.

orig draft:
Individually, you also have the flexibility to further protect your privacy by using either one of 3 options below:

Author: conclusion: Even if the first two are alternatives, it works, the way it's written.

1. Select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, and then scroll down to the **Services** section.

1. Click the **Address bar and search** section.  The **Address bar and search** settings page<!-- edge://settings/search --> opens.

1. Click the **Search suggestions and filters** section.  The **Search suggestions and filters** settings page<!-- edge://settings/searchFilters --> opens.

1. Use the toggle **Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters**:

   ![The toggle in Edge Settings for "Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters"](./index-images/search-suggestions-typed-chars.png)

   If you turn off that toggle, your typed characters are no longer sent to your default search provider, but your search queries are still sent to your default search provider, to provide search results.<!--per ui: "If you turn this off, you'll only see suggestions from your favorites and history. Typed characters won't be sent to the search engine used in the address bar." -->

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Search in Bing

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy.

Author: "also", in addition to what?  can we remove this cross-subsection dependency, by stating the specific thing that is being added to?  Can we delete "also"?  @dexterqu2024
rendered h2 section: 
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-3224#address-bar-and-suggestions

Author: Outdated markdown, see fresh [Comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3224/files#r1678097658)

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy.

Reviewer 2: AAD has been renamed to Microsoft Entra ID.

Author: "aad" will now only appear in urls, in other h2 section of Privacy.  i bet the url no longer has "aad" and is redirected.  low pri to update that.  to test, enter LMC url prefix to what's in the .md file
 @captainbrosset 
 
 /defender-cloud-apps/session-policy-aad
 
 test result: 
end up at:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/defender-cloud-apps/session-policy-aad

so, keep as is

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (AAD account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, which returns the work- or school-related content or cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (Microsoft Entra ID account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, which returns work- or school-related results and cross-device suggested queries to you.  Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related content or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy.
```

If your administrator turns off the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` policy:

> * In Microsoft Edge on your present device, you see the query suggestions that are returned from your default search engine.<!-- do you see "work- or school-related content"? -->

Author: do you see "work- or school-related content"?

the provided original draft: 
If you are signed in Edge with your work **or school** account (AAD account), then your typed-in characters will also be sent to Microsoft Enterprise Search provider, which returns the work **or school** related **content or** cross-device **suggested queries** to you.  Your tenant admin can choose to turn on or off the **work** related content **or query suggestions** entirely for your organization by via MSB policy of “AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled”.  If your tenant admin choses to turn it off, you will lose the functionality of seeing the **query suggestions** from another device **and** all the **work** related **results**, but still have the **query suggestions** from your local browser **and results** returned from your default search engine.

@dexterqu2024

Author: answer from offline: "On [_list item_] 1, if the administrator turns off the toggle (MSB toggle), then the users won't see the work- or school- related content/results - not from the Microsoft Enterprise Search Provider."

Author: result:
Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related results or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy.  If your administrator turns off the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` policy:
* In Microsoft Edge on your present device:
   * You don't see the work- or school- related results from Microsoft Search in Bing.
   * You see the query suggestions that are returned from your default search engine.
* In Microsoft Edge on your other devices:
   * You don't see the work- or school-related results.
   * You don't see the query suggestions that you previously searched.

Author: it would be nice to make the list parallel, strictly consistent.  @dexterqu2024 @captainbrosset 
i'm pushing this commit

> * In Microsoft Edge on your other devices, you don't see the work results or the query suggestions that you previously searched.<!-- change "results" to "the work- or school-related results"? -->

Author: change "the work results" to "the work- or school-related results"?

the provided original draft: 
If you are signed in Edge with your work **or school** account (AAD account), then your typed-in characters will also be sent to Microsoft Enterprise Search provider, which returns the work **or school** related **content or** cross-device **suggested queries** to you.  Your tenant admin can choose to turn on or off the **work** related content **or query suggestions** entirely for your organization by via MSB policy of “AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled”.  If your tenant admin choses to turn it off, you will lose the functionality of seeing the **query suggestions** from another device **and** all the **work** related **results**, but still have the **query suggestions** from your local browser **and results** returned from your default search engine.

@dexterqu2024

Reviewer 2: Yes, I believe it should always be work- or school-related results, throughout this section.

Author: searched on "work" & "result" - only the new h4 subsection is affected, and it is now consistent:
work- or school-related results
@captainbrosset

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Address bar and suggestions

Author: added hidden todo comment to handle in future PR.  Resolving re: the present PR, can Unresolve if needed in this PR.
```
## Address bar and suggestions
<!-- todo: restructure h2 section into 
data that's shared when default search provider is Bing, and 
data that's shared when default search provider is Other.  
could be clearer than covering both in tandem -->
```
@dexterqu2024 @apryzgoda

> The Address bar allows you to enter website URLs and search the web.  By default, the Address bar provides search and site suggestions using the characters you type.  Suggestions come from your favorites, browsing history, previous searches, and default search provider.

Author: added hidden todo comment
```
Suggestions come from your favorites, browsing history, 
previous searches, and default search provider.<!-- todo: is 
this sentence true for all search providers?  if not, remove 
the sentence -->
```

> The Address bar allows you to enter website URLs and search the web.  By default, the Address bar provides search and site suggestions using the characters you type.  Suggestions come from your favorites, browsing history, previous searches, and default search provider.

Author: resolve hidden todo comment in a subsequent PR

![Address bar](./index-images/address-bar.png)

To speed up browsing and searching, characters that you type into the Address bar are immediately sent to your default search provider.  The search provider returns suggested search queries as you type.

The following information is sent to your default search provider:

> * A list of Address bar entries, categorized as a URL, search, or unknown.

Author: added hidden todo comment
```
* A list<!-- todo: is this list a list of historical entries? --> of Address bar entries, categorized as a URL, search, or unknown.
```

> * A list of Address bar entries, categorized as a URL, search, or unknown.

Author: resolve hidden todo comment in a subsequent PR

* Which suggestion you select.
* The position of the selection.

> * Other Address bar data.

Author: added hidden todo comment
```
* Other Address bar data.<!-- todo: what data, 
* specifically?  is this non-specific in order to add 
* more data later? -->
```

> * Other Address bar data.

Author: resolve hidden todo comment in a subsequent PR

> If your search provider is Bing, a resettable identifier that's unique to your browser is sent with the data.  This helps Bing understand the search query and query session.  Other autosuggest service identifiers are sent to your default search engine, to complete the search suggestions.  Your IP address and cookies are sent to your default search provider, to increase the relevance of the search results.

Author: added hidden todo comment
```
If your search provider is Bing, a resettable identifier that's 
unique to your browser is sent with the data.  This helps 
Bing understand the search query and query session.  Other 
autosuggest service identifiers are sent to your default search 
engine, to complete the search suggestions.  Your IP address 
and cookies are sent to your default search provider, to 
increase the relevance of the search results.<!-- todo: is the 
2nd half of this paragraph about all default search engines, or 
just Bing?  if about all, split into two paragraphs to reduce 
confusion.  if about all, make consistent; presently, lists info 
that's sent to the default search provider, but goes on to 
identify newly mentioned items that are sent to the default 
search provider -->
```

> If your search provider is Bing, a resettable identifier that's unique to your browser is sent with the data.  This helps Bing understand the search query and query session.  Other autosuggest service identifiers are sent to your default search engine, to complete the search suggestions.  Your IP address and cookies are sent to your default search provider, to increase the relevance of the search results.

Author: resolve hidden todo comment in a subsequent PR

> When you select the Address bar, a signal is sent to your default search provider.  The signal tells the provider to prepare suggestions.  The typed characters and search queries aren't sent to Microsoft unless your search provider is Bing.

Author: added hidden todo comment
```
When you select the Address bar, a signal is sent 
to your default search provider.  The signal tells 
the provider to prepare suggestions.  The typed 
characters and search queries aren't sent<!-- todo: can 
you turn this on for other search providers? if so, 
insert "by default" --> to Microsoft unless your search 
provider is Bing.
```

> When you select the Address bar, a signal is sent to your default search provider.  The signal tells the provider to prepare suggestions.  The typed characters and search queries aren't sent to Microsoft unless your search provider is Bing.

Author: resolve hidden todo comment in a subsequent PR

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Controlling whether typed characters are sent

> You can control whether typed characters are sent to your default search provider.  To enable sending search and site suggestions by using your typed characters in the Address bar to your default search provider:

Author: To enable _or disable_; result:
```
You can control whether typed characters are sent to your 
default search provider to provide search and site 
suggestions.  To enable or disable sending your typed 
characters in the Address bar to your default search 
provider:
```

1. Select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, and then scroll down to the **Services** section.

1. Click the **Address bar and search** section.  The **Address bar and search** settings page<!-- edge://settings/search --> opens.

1. Click the **Search suggestions and filters** section.  The **Search suggestions and filters** settings page<!-- edge://settings/searchFilters --> opens.

1. Use the toggle **Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters**:

   ![The toggle in Edge Settings for "Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters"](./index-images/search-suggestions-typed-chars.png)

   If you turn off that toggle, your typed characters are no longer sent to your default search provider, but your search queries are still sent to your default search provider, to provide search results.<!--per ui: "If you turn this off, you'll only see suggestions from your favorites and history. Typed characters won't be sent to the search engine used in the address bar." -->

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Search in Bing

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (Microsoft Entra ID account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, which returns work- or school-related results and cross-device suggested queries to you.

Author: "also", in addition to what?  can we remove this cross-subsection dependency, by stating the specific thing that is being added to?  Can we delete "also"?  @dexterqu2024
rendered h2 section: 
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-3224#address-bar-and-suggestions

(re-entered comment b/c was Outdated)

Author: added hidden todo comment, in this main h4 of PR:
```
If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or 
school account (Microsoft Entra ID account), your typed-in 
characters are also<!--todo: also, in addition to what?  state 
what's being added to, or delete "also"--> sent to Microsoft 
Search in Bing, which returns work- or school-related results 
and cross-device suggested queries to you.
```

Reviewer 3: Yes, "also" is in addition to user's default search engine.

Author: result:
```
If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work 
or school account (Microsoft Entra ID account), your 
typed-in characters are sent to Microsoft Search in 
Bing, in addition to being sent to your default search 
engine.  As you type, Microsoft Search in Bing returns 
work- or school-related results and cross-device 
suggested queries to you.
```

> If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or school account (Microsoft Entra ID account), your typed-in characters are also sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, which returns work- or school-related results and cross-device suggested queries to you.

Reviewer: Are they sent to bing in addition to your default search provider?

Author: added expanded hidden todo comment:
```
If you're signed into Microsoft Edge using your work or 
school account (Microsoft Entra ID account), your typed-in 
characters are also<!--todo: also, in addition to what?  in 
addition to your default search provider?  state what's being 
added to, or delete "also"--> sent to Microsoft Search in Bing, 
which returns work- or school-related results and cross-device 
suggested queries to you.
```

Author: handling via other [Comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3224/files/e51a9da7823f9c97b0cb268d16324930b4fcd534#r1678097658)

> Your administrator can choose to turn on or off the work- or school-related results or query suggestions entirely for your organization, by using the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` Microsoft Search in Bing (MSB) policy.  If your administrator turns off the `AddressBarMicrosoftSearchInBingProviderEnabled` policy:

Reviewer: Admin policies (and their effects) are irrelevant to the public privacy whitepaper
```suggestion
```

Author: I'm Resolving the 7 @apryzgoda comments about the policy passage without deleting the passage, because the comments are Outdated (the surrounding markdown is an old commit) and b/c Dexter wants to keep the passage.

Alyssa, if you want, you can enter a fresh Comment in a fresh Files Changed tab w/ short url: 
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3224/files
To delete a group of lines as a single Comment, you can click to the right of a line number and drag down (to get a yellow vertical bar), then empty-out the triple-tickmarks.

> * In Microsoft Edge on your present device:

Author: can the list be made more parallel & more strictly consistent & clear?  @dexterqu2024 @captainbrosset

> * In Microsoft Edge on your present device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    * You don't see the work- or school- related results from Microsoft Search in Bing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    * You see the query suggestions that are returned from your default search engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * In Microsoft Edge on your other devices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    * You don't see the work- or school-related results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    * You don't see the query suggestions that you previously searched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can further protect your privacy by doing any of the following:

> * Turn off the suggested queries entirely, by using the toggle **Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters**, as described in [Controlling whether typed characters are sent](#controlling-whether-typed-characters-are-sent), above.

Reviewer: You already told them how to do this. Not needed.
```suggestion
```

Author: removed list item

* Keep the suggested-queries function, but don't send information about the suggested queries to Microsoft.  To prevent sending this information to Microsoft, go to `edge://settings/privacy`, and then under **Search and service improvement**, turn off the toggle **Help improve Microsoft products by sending the results from searches on the web**.  This data is never associated with you or your device, even if you turn on this setting.

> * Delete any query suggestion that you don't like, directly in the Address bar, by using the **X** button on the right side when hovering your mouse over the suggestion.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this belongs in this list (but open to discussion). It sounds like it's more of helping you improve the validity of suggestions than improving the privacy of users.

Author: compare new paragraph & screenshot at bottom of 
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-3224#deleting-data
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/70d5eea8-b2b5-4d48-a4d9-0f688d71d3c1)
"To delete history data from both Microsoft Edge and the server, for an individual suggestion result, in the list in the Address bar, click X to the right of a Recent searches history item:"

Author: added hidden todo comment:
```
* Delete any query suggestion that you don't like, directly 
in the Address bar, by using the **X** button on the right 
side when hovering your mouse over the suggestion.<!-- todo: remove 
list item?  might not belong in this list, b/c this item sounds more 
about helping you improve validity of suggestions than improving 
privacy.  also, it's covered in "Deleting data" section below, with 
screenshot: "To delete history data from both Microsoft Edge and the 
server, for an individual suggestion result, in the list in the Address bar, 
click **X** to the right of a **Recent searches** history item:" (.png).  
if delete this list item, reword list lead-in -->
```

Author: removed list item and rewrote list as paragraph:
```
To further protect your privacy, you can keep 
the suggested-queries function, without sending 
information about the suggested queries to 
Microsoft.  This data is never associated with you 
or your device, even if you turn on this setting.  To 
prevent sending information about the suggested 
queries to Microsoft, select **Settings and more** 
(![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) 
> **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, 
and then in the **Search and service improvement** 
section, turn off the toggle **Help improve Microsoft 
products by sending the results from searches on the web**.
```

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Sensitive information that's not sent

<!-- The Privacy settings have been updated from what is described here (assume comment means h2 section) -->

If Microsoft Edge detects typing in the Address bar that might contain sensitive information, Microsoft Edge doesn't send the typed text.  Sensitive information includes:
* Authentication credentials.
* Local file names.
* URL data that's normally encrypted.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Enabling collecting Address bar diagnostic data

> You can configure Microsoft Edge to collect diagnostic data about the Address bar.  Collected data includes the number of offered queries for all search providers.  To enable collecting diagnostic data, select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Search and services**, and then in **Personalize your web experience**, turn on the setting **Improve your web experience by allowing Microsoft to use your browsing history from this account for personalizing advertising, search, news, and other Microsoft services**.

Reviewer: Are these sections/settings new, because I don't see them? **Personalize your web experience**, turn on the setting **Improve your web experience by allowing Microsoft to use your browsing history from this account for personalizing advertising, search, news, and other Microsoft services**

```suggestion
You can configure Microsoft Edge to collect diagnostic data about the Address bar.  Collected data includes the number of offered queries for all search providers.  To enable collecting diagnostic data, select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, and then in **Personalize your web experience**, turn on the setting **Improve your web experience by allowing Microsoft to use your browsing history from this account for personalizing advertising, search, news, and other Microsoft services**.
```

Author: @apryzgoda - checked my Edge UI on managed-account machine, and updated as follows:
```
To enable collecting diagnostic data, select **Settings and 
more** (![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-
and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and 
services**, and then in the **Personalization & advertising** 
section, turn on the setting **Allow Microsoft to save your 
browsing activity including history, usage, favorites, web 
content, and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft 
Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and 
news.**
```

> You can configure Microsoft Edge to collect diagnostic data about the Address bar.  Collected data includes the number of offered queries for all search providers.  To enable collecting diagnostic data, select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Search and services**, and then in **Personalize your web experience**, turn on the setting **Improve your web experience by allowing Microsoft to use your browsing history from this account for personalizing advertising, search, news, and other Microsoft services**.

Reviewer: Is the number of offered queries the only data that is collected through diagnostic data? If not, it seems a bit dishonest to only call that one out.

"Collected data includes the number of offered queries for all search providers."

Author: will discuss offline.  added hidden todo comment.  might Resolve, to handle in future PR. snapshot:
```
You can configure Microsoft Edge to collect diagnostic data 
about the Address bar.  Collected data includes the number 
of offered queries for all search providers.<!-- todo: is the 
number of offered queries the only data that's collected through 
diagnostic data?  if not, shouldn't list that one only -->  To 
enable collecting diagnostic data, select **Settings and more** 
(![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-
icon.png)) > **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, 
and then in the **Personalization & advertising** section, turn 
on the setting **Allow Microsoft to save your browsing activity 
including history, usage, favorites, web content, and other 
browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft 
services like ads, search, shopping and news.**
```

Author: added hidden todo cmt, Resolving, to answer in future PR

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deleting data

Typed characters and the websites that you visit are stored locally on the device, per profile.  To delete that data, go to `edge://settings/clearBrowserData`, and then in the **Clear browsing data** window, select the **Browsing history** checkbox.  Then click the **Clear now** button.

> If Bing is your default search provider and you are signed in, you can delete your searches by using the [Microsoft Privacy dashboard](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/).  You can clear your browsing history and delete websites from appearing as suggestions in the Address bar: go to `edge://history`, and then select **Clear browsing data**.  You can delete the data that Microsoft collects from the Address bar and search suggestions features on Windows 10 and later: open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy** > **Diagnostics & feedback**, and then in **Delete diagnostic data**, select **Delete**.<!-- deleting diagnostic data could use rewrite -->  All other data is deleted after 36 months.

Reviewer: The steps to delete browsing history should be the same is this paragraph and the one above it.

Author: snapshot of result at the moment: 
i added comment asking if paragraph can be reformatted as list.  that design decision is affected by the in-question "Start" menu sentence.
```
<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deleting data

Typed characters and the websites that you visit are stored 
locally on the device, per profile.  To delete that data, 
select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more 
icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > 
**Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, and then 
in the **Delete browsing data** section, click the **Choose 
what to clear** button.  The **Delete browsing data** dialog 
opens.  Click the **Clear now** button.

If Bing is your default search provider and you are signed in,
<!-- todo: reformat paragraph as 3 list items starting here? --> 
you can delete your searches by using the [Microsoft Privacy 
dashboard](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/).  To clear 
your browsing history and delete websites from appearing as 
suggestions in the Address bar: select **Settings and more** 
(![Settings and more icon](./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) 
> **Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, and then in 
the **Delete browsing data** section, click the **Choose what 
to clear** button.  The **Delete browsing data** dialog 
opens.  Click the **Clear now** button..  You can delete the data 
that Microsoft collects from the Address bar and search 
suggestions features on Windows 10 and later: open **Start** > 
**Settings** > **Privacy** > **Diagnostics & feedback**, and then 
in **Delete diagnostic data**, select **Delete**.<!-- todo: is this 
sentence about Start menu for the correct feature?  seems to be 
about deleting Edge data from within the OS rather than from 
within Edge --><!-- old comment: deleting diagnostic data could 
use rewrite -->  All other data is deleted after 36 months.<!-- todo: 
what is "all other data"? -->
```

Author: in both paragraphs, i'll try merging the "dialog opens" step inline forming 1 sentence...

Author: result 2x:
```
, select **Settings and more** (![Settings and more icon]
(./index-images/settings-and-more-icon.png)) > 
**Settings** > **Privacy, search, and services**, and then 
in the **Delete browsing data** section, click the **Choose 
what to clear** button; then in the **Delete browsing data** 
dialog, click the **Clear now** button.
```

> If Bing is your default search provider and you are signed in, you can delete your searches by using the [Microsoft Privacy dashboard](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/).  You can clear your browsing history and delete websites from appearing as suggestions in the Address bar: go to `edge://history`, and then select **Clear browsing data**.  You can delete the data that Microsoft collects from the Address bar and search suggestions features on Windows 10 and later: open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy** > **Diagnostics & feedback**, and then in **Delete diagnostic data**, select **Delete**.<!-- deleting diagnostic data could use rewrite -->  All other data is deleted after 36 months.

Reviewer: What is "all other data"? From "All other data is deleted after 36 months"

Author: added a todo hidden comment.  
@dexterqu2024 - who can clarify "all other data"?

resulting section; see hidden comment at end:
```
<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deleting data

Typed characters and the websites that you visit are stored locally on the device, per profile.  To delete that data, go to `edge://settings/clearBrowserData`, and then in the **Clear browsing data** window, select the **Browsing history** checkbox.  Then click the **Clear now** button.

If Bing is your default search provider and you are signed in, you can delete your searches by using the [Microsoft Privacy dashboard](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/).  You can clear your browsing history and delete websites from appearing as suggestions in the Address bar: go to `edge://history`, and then select **Clear browsing data**.  You can delete the data that Microsoft collects from the Address bar and search suggestions features on Windows 10 and later: open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy** > **Diagnostics & feedback**, and then in **Delete diagnostic data**, select **Delete**.<!-- todo: is this sentence about Start menu for the correct feature?  seems to be about deleting Edge data from within the OS rather than from within Edge --><!-- old comment: deleting diagnostic data could use rewrite -->

All other data is deleted after 36 months.<!-- todo: what is "all other data"? -->
```

Author: Resolving, b/c added hidden todo item, to be clarified in future PR.

> If Bing is your default search provider and you are signed in, you can delete your searches by using the [Microsoft Privacy dashboard](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/).  You can clear your browsing history and delete websites from appearing as suggestions in the Address bar: go to `edge://history`, and then select **Clear browsing data**.  You can delete the data that Microsoft collects from the Address bar and search suggestions features on Windows 10 and later: open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy** > **Diagnostics & feedback**, and then in **Delete diagnostic data**, select **Delete**.<!-- deleting diagnostic data could use rewrite -->  All other data is deleted after 36 months.

Reviewer: Is this for the right feature? If I was reading this as a user, I'd be confused that I'm deleting Edge data from inside the OS rather than inside Edge.
``
You can delete the data that Microsoft collects from the Address bar and search suggestions features on Windows 10 and later: open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy** > **Diagnostics & feedback**, and then in **Delete diagnostic data**, select **Delete**.
``

Author: @dexterqu2024 - who can tech review to handle this question?  
see rendered article section: 
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-3224#deleting-data

Author: i added the question as a todo hidden comment in the .md file so it can be handled in a later PR.
representing Markdown w/ comment is awkward here so trying a couple formats @apryzgoda 

result formatted via simple copypaste:
If Bing is your default search provider and you are signed in, you can delete your searches by using the [Microsoft Privacy dashboard](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/).  You can clear your browsing history and delete websites from appearing as suggestions in the Address bar: go to `edge://history`, and then select **Clear browsing data**.  You can delete the data that Microsoft collects from the Address bar and search suggestions features on Windows 10 and later: open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy** > **Diagnostics & feedback**, and then in **Delete diagnostic data**, select **Delete**.<!-- todo: is this sentence about Start menu for the correct feature?  seems to be about deleting Edge data from within the OS rather than from within Edge --><!-- old comment: deleting diagnostic data could use rewrite -->  All other data is deleted after 36 months.

result formatted within backticks:
```
If Bing is your default search provider and you are signed in, you can delete your searches by using the [Microsoft Privacy dashboard](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/).  You can clear your browsing history and delete websites from appearing as suggestions in the Address bar: go to `edge://history`, and then select **Clear browsing data**.  You can delete the data that Microsoft collects from the Address bar and search suggestions features on Windows 10 and later: open **Start** > **Settings** > **Privacy** > **Diagnostics & feedback**, and then in **Delete diagnostic data**, select **Delete**.<!-- todo: is this sentence about Start menu for the correct feature?  seems to be about deleting Edge data from within the OS rather than from within Edge --><!-- old comment: deleting diagnostic data could use rewrite -->  All other data is deleted after 36 months.
```

Author: result in backticks w/ linebreaks temp added here (or see fresh Files Changed tab, or latest .md file listing)
```
If Bing is your default search provider and you are signed in, 
you can delete your searches by using the 
[Microsoft Privacy dashboard](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/).  
You can clear your browsing history and delete websites from 
appearing as suggestions in the Address bar: go to `edge://history`, 
and then select **Clear browsing data**.  You can delete the data 
that Microsoft collects from the Address bar and search suggestions 
features on Windows 10 and later: open **Start** > **Settings** > 
**Privacy** > **Diagnostics & feedback**, and then in **Delete 
diagnostic data**, select **Delete**.
<!-- todo: is this sentence about Start menu for the correct 
feature?  seems to be about deleting Edge data from within the 
OS rather than from within Edge -->
<!-- old comment: deleting diagnostic data could use rewrite -->
All other data is deleted after 36 months.
```

Author: also added bottom two paragraphs & screenshot, per offline discussion:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9be082d9-15fd-454a-8ac9-bf0b29015741)
@apryzgoda 
Resolving comment, b/c added todo comment for future PR, & info from offline

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Account-specific search functions

Account-specific search functions are available if you are signed in to Microsoft Edge with a Microsoft work or school account, and Microsoft Search is available. Microsoft may send an anonymous token with your query, to provide account-specific functions, such as results specific to your company.

All data is transmitted securely over HTTPS.  If [Bing](https://bing.com) is your default search provider, the searches and typed characters are saved for up to six months.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Single-word search

> If you search for a single word in the Address bar, Microsoft Edge may send the single word to your DNS server. Sending a single word is a check to see whether it corresponds to a host on your network. If so, Microsoft Edge may try to connect to the corresponding host. This option lets you go to the specific host instead of searching.  For example, if your router uses the hostname `router` and you type `router` in the Address bar, you can go to `https://router`, or search for the word `router`.  This feature isn't controlled by the **Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters** setting, because this feature doesn't involve sending data to your default search engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you search for a single word in the Address bar, Microsoft Edge may send the single word to your DNS server. If the single word corresponds to a host on your network, Microsoft Edge may try to connect to the corresponding host.  For example, if your router uses the hostname `router` and you type `router` in the Address bar, you can go to `https://router`, or search for the word `router`.  This single word is not sent to your default search engine. This feature isn't controlled by the **Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters** setting.
```

Author: result:
```
<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Single-word search

If you search for a single word in the Address bar, Microsoft Edge
may send the single word to your DNS server.  If the single word 
corresponds to a host on your network, Microsoft Edge may try 
to connect to the corresponding host.  For example, if your router 
uses the hostname `router` and you type `router` in the Address 
bar, you can either go to `https://router`, or search for the word 
`router`.

This single word is not sent to your default search engine.  This 
feature isn't controlled by the **Show me search and site 
suggestions using my typed characters** setting.

<!-- old comment to check up on in future PR:
the Search settings seem different from what is described here -->
```

<!-- The Search settings seem different from what is described here -->

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Other search providers, InPrivate, and Guest mode

Reviewer: changing your default search provider and how address bar is affected by inprivate / guest mode should be two different sections.

Author: @apryzgoda i moved the "Data that's" sentence from end of h2 up into "Changing default search provider" h4 section.  we can do further fine tuning of h4s structuring in future PRs.

i think this was my biggest question about my breakout of the h4 sections (not that i've closely analyzed every sentence or point in the entire h2 section).  was wondering about having two very short sections here.  

result:
```
<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Changing your default search provider

To change your default search engine, go to `edge://settings/search`, and then use the **Search engine used in the address bar** dropdown list.

Data that's collected by other search providers follows the privacy policy of that company.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### How the Address bar is affected by InPrivate and Guest mode

If you're browsing while using **InPrivate** or **Guest** mode, your autosuggestions are turned off.

**InPrivate** shows suggestions from your local browsing, such as browsing history and past searches.  When using **InPrivate**, no typed characters are sent to your default search engine.

**Guest** mode doesn't display any suggestions or send typed characters to your default search engine.
```

#### Cancelling your participation

> If you no longer want to participate in the Microsoft Rewards program, follow the instructions on the [opt out page](https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/optout?confirm=false).<!-- todo: 404 july 10, 2024 -->  If you opt out, you will immediately lose all of your available points. 

Author: 404 - update url, or comment-out sentence?
@apryzgoda 

rendered article section in PR, "opt out page" link:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/?branch=pr-en-us-3224#cancelling-your-participation
live section, "opt out page" link:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/#cancelling-your-participation

Reviewer 2: I logged in to my personal MS account, and found out that the URL has changed to https://rewards.bing.com/optout
Not sure if `confirm=false` is required though.

Author: result:
```
If you no longer want to participate in the Microsoft Rewards 
program, follow the instructions on the 
[opt out page](https://rewards.bing.com/optout).
<!-- todo: add confirm param? https://rewards.bing.com/optout?confirm=false-->
```
@captainbrosset
